Add OddNew Banner (#956)
oddbird/oddleventy: content/_meta/info/alert.md

---
live: true
info_slug: alert
title: alert
aria: 'Subscribe to OddNews'
---

> **Level up your CSS for free!**
> Grids, mixins,
> anchor positioning, and more.
> [Subscribe »](/oddnews/)

Reviewer: Generally looks good, just some notes on wording

- I like the title/subtitle of the page itself
- Feels odd to say 'subscribe' then link to a page that says 'subscribe below'

An attempt

```suggestion
[Level up your CSS](/oddnews/)
with free cutting-edge demos in your inbox!
```
